feat/disposability (#20)
guidesmiths/12-factor-app-pills: docs/pills/09-disposability.md

# [Disposability](https://12factor.net/disposability)

::: tip ***Maximize robustness with fast startup and graceful shutdown***
An app should be stopped gracefully at any time without losing data or causing disruptions. It should also start up fast.
:::
<br>

![Disposability](../assets/disposability.png){ style="display: block; margin: 0 auto" }

> In a resilience and robust system that scales dynamically, an app has to be replaceable fast and easily. I must therefore be able to handle a ``SIGTERM``, completing running processes and freeing the resources as quick as possible. In the same way, the start-up of the app should be equally fast and completed as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a resilient and robust system that scales dynamically, an app has to be replaceable fast and easily. It must therefore be able to handle a ``SIGTERM``, completing running processes and freeing the resources as quickly as possible. In the same way, the start-up of the app should be equally fast and completed as soon as possible.
```

## Reduce the potential downtime between updating or scaling events

> This means new instances should be started, traffic gradually shifted, and old instances gracefully terminated without interruptions. Too slow a response to a health check at end or start could lead to alerts and deployment failures in certain systems.

Reviewer: I'm not really sure about understanding this

`Too slow a response to a health check at end or start ...`

Author: DeepL says it's correct, but I changed it if feels weird
